README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cassproject/cass-editor.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cassproject/cass-editor)
# CASS
Competency and Skills Service -- Competency Framework Editor

Create, edit, modify CASS frameworks and competencies using an easy to use, embeddable iframe.

# Features
 * View and edit public or permissioned competency frameworks on a CASS instance.
 * Concurrent editing - Changes are shown on multiple people's screens concurrently.
 * Import - Import frameworks of competencies from several formats.
 * Embeddable - Put the cass-editor in your website with a few lines of HTML.
 * Customizable - Change the default behavior of the cass-editor via URL parameters.
 * Inherits your style - If it can, uses the CSS from the embedding website to style the internals.
 * Unbranded and open source - Carries no branding information, allowing you to use it easily and without concern.

# Try it out
The (unbranded) cass-editor is available for use at https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/

# Integration
Integrate the cass-editor into your website by nesting it into an iframe on your website.

```html
<iframe id="iframe" width="100%" height="800" frameborder="0"></iframe>
<script>
    document.getElementsByTagName("iframe")[0].setAttribute("src", "https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/index.html");
</script>
```

# CSS Inheritance
The cass-editor attempts to read the stylesheets of the parent page and import them into the website. It may not be able to do this without your help.

```
An error message when headers are not set:
    ...Styles/Webfonts/Gibson/Gibson-Regular-webfont.woff2' from origin 'https://cassproject.github.io' has been blocked by CORS policy: No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource. Origin 'https://cassproject.github.io' is therefore not allowed access. The response had HTTP status code 404.
```

To remedy this, your web server needs to allow cross-origin requests to the cassproject github.io site.

```
Access-Control-Allow-Origin: https://cassproject.github.io
```

# URL Parameters
The cass-editor has many modes and options that can be enabled or disabled based on desired functionality. These options are passed as URL parameters.

## Setting the server
By default, the cass-editor operates on the dev.cassproject.org CASS instance. This should instead be your server. To do this, use `server=protocol://cass.yourserver.com`.

    ex:
    https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/index.html?server=https://sandbox.cassproject.org
    
## Add new framework
By default, the cass-editor provides a framework browser to select and edit frameworks. To start with a workflow of creating a framework, use `action=add`. This will expose the framework creation and import pages.

    ex:
    https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/index.html?action=add
    
## Edit a specific framework
If you have a specific framework you are directing your users to edit, you can force the cass-editor to only show that framework by using `frameworkId=<url identifier of framework>`

    ex:
    https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/index.html?frameworkId=https://dev.cassproject.org/api/data/schema.cassproject.org.0.3.Framework/fd9dbdae-6b10-46da-8256-1458b448bfab
    
## Expose URL links
If your users need the URLs for each framework or resource they are editing, you can enable link-showing by using `link=true`

    ex:
    https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/index.html?frameworkId=https://dev.cassproject.org/api/data/schema.cassproject.org.0.3.Framework/fd9dbdae-6b10-46da-8256-1458b448bfab&link=true
    
## Filtering frameworks by an additional search query.
If you are limiting users to seeing only a set of frameworks that can be described by a search query, you can add an additional search query to the initial framework search by using `filter=<search query>`.

    ex:
    https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/index.html?filter=@id:case.georgiastandards.org

## Generate and manage a local user.
CASS can create and manage a local user that owns the frameworks and competencies they create. The user credentials will be stored in HTML5 LocalStorage and unique per individual. To enable this functionality, use `user=self`.
  
  Note: This method is risky, as a user that clears their localstorage will lose access to their frameworks and competencies.
  
## Operate using a provided set of user credentials.
CASS can operate using credentials provided by the parent site. These credentials are passed into the iframe via a message, in order to avoid transmitting them over HTTP. Use `user=self`, and pass a RSA-OAEP 2048 bit PEM private key in via:

    document.getElementById("iframe").contentWindow.postMessage(
      JSON.stringify({action:"identity",identity:privateKey}),
      window.location.origin
    );
    
Note: The window will not proceed loading until it has received the 'identity' message.
  
## TBD: Only show frameworks that individual owns.
Along with user credentials, the cass-editor can be configured to not show others' frameworks. This functionality can be enabled by the URL parameter `show=mine`.

# TBD: Events
The cass-editor can send events when various operations occur. This functionality will be extended in the future.

Commit message:

CSV import appears to work.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cassproject/cass-editor.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cassproject/cass-editor)
# CASS
Competency and Skills Service -- Competency Framework Editor

Create, edit, modify CASS frameworks and competencies using an easy to use, embeddable iframe.

# Features
 * View and edit public or permissioned competency frameworks on a CASS instance.
 * Concurrent editing - Changes are shown on multiple people's screens concurrently.
 * Import - Import frameworks of competencies from several formats.
 * Embeddable - Put the cass-editor in your website with a few lines of HTML.
 * Customizable - Change the default behavior of the cass-editor via URL parameters.
 * Inherits your style - If it can, uses the CSS from the embedding website to style the internals.
 * Unbranded and open source - Carries no branding information, allowing you to use it easily and without concern.

# Try it out
The (unbranded) cass-editor is available for use at https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/

# Integration
Integrate the cass-editor into your website by nesting it into an iframe on your website.

```html
<iframe id="iframe" width="100%" height="800" frameborder="0"></iframe>
<script>
    document.getElementsByTagName("iframe")[0].setAttribute("src", "https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/index.html");
</script>
```

# CSS Inheritance
The cass-editor attempts to read the stylesheets of the parent page and import them into the website. It may not be able to do this without your help.

```
An error message when headers are not set:
    ...Styles/Webfonts/Gibson/Gibson-Regular-webfont.woff2' from origin 'https://cassproject.github.io' has been blocked by CORS policy: No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource. Origin 'https://cassproject.github.io' is therefore not allowed access. The response had HTTP status code 404.
```

To remedy this, your web server needs to allow cross-origin requests to the cassproject github.io site.

```
Access-Control-Allow-Origin: https://cassproject.github.io
```

# URL Parameters
The cass-editor has many modes and options that can be enabled or disabled based on desired functionality. These options are passed as URL parameters.

## Setting the server
By default, the cass-editor operates on the dev.cassproject.org CASS instance. This should instead be your server. To do this, use `server=protocol://cass.yourserver.com`.

    ex:
    https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/index.html?server=https://sandbox.cassproject.org
    
## Add new framework
By default, the cass-editor provides a framework browser to select and edit frameworks. To start with a workflow of creating a framework, use `action=add`. This will expose the framework creation and import pages.

    ex:
    https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/index.html?action=add
    
## Import new framework
To jump directly to the import option of the above add menu, use `action=import`. This will expose the import page.

    ex:
    https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/index.html?action=import
    
## Edit a specific framework
If you have a specific framework you are directing your users to edit, you can force the cass-editor to only show that framework by using `frameworkId=<url identifier of framework>`

    ex:
    https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/index.html?frameworkId=https://dev.cassproject.org/api/data/schema.cassproject.org.0.3.Framework/fd9dbdae-6b10-46da-8256-1458b448bfab
    
## Expose URL links
If your users need the URLs for each framework or resource they are editing, you can enable link-showing by using `link=true`

    ex:
    https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/index.html?frameworkId=https://dev.cassproject.org/api/data/schema.cassproject.org.0.3.Framework/fd9dbdae-6b10-46da-8256-1458b448bfab&link=true
    
## Filtering frameworks by an additional search query.
If you are limiting users to seeing only a set of frameworks that can be described by a search query, you can add an additional search query to the initial framework search by using `filter=<search query>`.

    ex:
    https://cassproject.github.io/cass-editor/index.html?filter=@id:case.georgiastandards.org

## Generate and manage a local user.
CASS can create and manage a local user that owns the frameworks and competencies they create. The user credentials will be stored in HTML5 LocalStorage and unique per individual. To enable this functionality, use `user=self`.
  
  Note: This method is risky, as a user that clears their localstorage will lose access to their frameworks and competencies.
  
## Operate using a provided set of user credentials.
CASS can operate using credentials provided by the parent site. These credentials are passed into the iframe via a message, in order to avoid transmitting them over HTTP. Use `user=self`, and pass a RSA-OAEP 2048 bit PEM private key in via:

    document.getElementById("iframe").contentWindow.postMessage(
      JSON.stringify({action:"identity",identity:privateKey}),
      window.location.origin
    );
    
Note: The window will not proceed loading until it has received the 'identity' message.
  
## TBD: Only show frameworks that individual owns.
Along with user credentials, the cass-editor can be configured to not show others' frameworks. This functionality can be enabled by the URL parameter `show=mine`.

# TBD: Events
The cass-editor can send events when various operations occur. This functionality will be extended in the future.
