docs/getting-started/README.md, before:

# Getting Started

## Introduction 

Welcome to the CaSS Authoring Tools User Guide. This document details
the functionality of CaSS Authoring Tools and includes detailed
instructions for use. If you are looking for help with a specific
function of CaSS Authoring Tools, you can navigate to the appropriate
section by using the table of contents above. A list of helpful
resources and links are also included at the end of this user guide.


## Welcome

When first visiting CaSS Authoring Tools, you will be presented with the
Welcome Screen which offers simple instructions for getting started.
More detailed instructions on how CaSS Authoring Tools can be used are
included in this User Guide.

![Welcome Page](/docs/welcome-page.png)



## Application Navigation Menu

The CaSS Authoring Tool navigation menu is used to access the different
functionality modules within the application.  It can be viewed and used
in two specific ways.

### Expanded Navigation Menu

The expanded navigation menu can be accessed by clicking on the expand
menu icon on the top right corner of the screen.

![Expand Menu Button](/docs/expand-menu-button.png)

![Expanded Menu](/docs/expanded-menu.png)

Once expanded, the navigation menu displays links to the following
application areas:

- Application Login  - Login to the application
- Competencies & Frameworks
    - Frameworks - Competency framework search
    - New Framework - Competency framework creation
    - Crosswalk Frameworks - Dual competency framework
    alignment/relationships
    - Import Framework - Import of competency frameworks
- Taxonomy
    - Taxonomies - Taxonomy search
    - New Taxonomy - Taxonomy creation
    - Import Taxonomy - Import of taxonomies
- Configuration
    - Configurations - Configuration management        
- Users and Groups - User group management (note: this option only
    appears if you are logged into the application)

### Collapsed Navigation Menu

![Collapse Menu](/docs/collapse-menu-button.png)


The navigation menu can be collapsed by clicking on the x button on the
upper right hand corner of the expanded navigation menu.


![Collapsed Menu](/docs/collapsed-menu.png)

Once collapsed, the navigation menu displays links to the following
application areas:

- Application Login  - Login to the application
- Frameworks - Competency framework search
- Crosswalk Frameworks - Dual competency framework alignment/relationships
- Taxonomies - Taxonomy search
- Configurations - Configuration management        
- Users and Groups - User group management (note: this option only appears if you are logged into the application)


## Application Login 

::: tip
Note: This section is not applicable to Credential Engine instances of
CAT.
:::

By default, most CAT functionality is available without being logged in.
You can search for, create, and manage public frameworks, competencies,
and other CaSS data. Some tools however, will not be available until
after going through the login process.  Accessing secure CaSS data,
securing your own CaSS data, and explicitly granting access and
permissions to owned data all requires you to be logged into the
environment.  (More details about managing user groups and data
permissions can be found in the corresponding sections).

The login button can be accessed through the application navigation
menu.  

![CAT Navigation Menu - Login Button](/docs/login-button.png)

## Creating an Account 

From the landing page users have the option to login or create a new
account to access the CaSS Authoring Tool. At the login page users have
the option to select the create account button shown below.

![CAT Login - Create Account Button](/docs/create-account-button.png)

From here, users will be prompted to input basic information required to
register their account with the CaSS Authoring Tool.

Once users have successfully entered the required information, they can
hit the create button to begin the registration of their account. Once
successfully registered, you will be automatically logged into the
application.

![CAT Login - Create Account Submit Button](/docs/create-account-submit-button.png)


### Logging into an Existing Account 

You can login with existing accounts by filling out the appropriate
fields on the login form and clicking the login button.

![CAT Login - Login Button](/docs/login-button.png)


## Helpful Links 

On the right side bar of the CaSS Authoring Tools welcome page you will
find a list of documentation, resources, example framework imports,
options for getting in touch with the CaSS community, and legacy
applications of CaSS.

![CAT Welcome - Helpful Links ](/docs/helpful-links.png)

## Get in touch  


- [Join the Slack
    Channel](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/a/eduworks.com/forms/viewform?bc%3Dtransparent%26embedded%3Dtrue%26f%3DArial%25252C%252BVerdana%25252C%252Bsans-serif%26hl%3Den%26htc%3D%252523666666%26id%3D1BMaboapV0IaS8iGnCJut2obPZ9y3CWkxXuvy-7krcgE%26lc%3D%252523003965%26pli%3D1%26tc%3D%252523444444%26ttl%3D0&sa=D&ust=1603207897946000&usg=AOvVaw3DXisffX2tTcQQH_sM4J67)
- [Email us](mailto:cass@eduworks.com)

Commit message:

Add Directories to Getting Started and left side bar in user docs. CASS-577

docs/getting-started/README.md, after:

# Getting Started

## Introduction 

Welcome to the CaSS Authoring Tools User Guide. This document details
the functionality of CaSS Authoring Tools and includes detailed
instructions for use. If you are looking for help with a specific
function of CaSS Authoring Tools, you can navigate to the appropriate
section by using the table of contents above. A list of helpful
resources and links is also included at the end of this user guide.


## Welcome

When first visiting CaSS Authoring Tools, you will be presented with the
Welcome Screen which offers simple instructions for getting started.
More detailed instructions on how CaSS Authoring Tools can be used are
included in this User Guide.

![Welcome Page](/docs/welcome-page.png)



## Application Navigation Menu

The CaSS Authoring Tool navigation menu is used to access the different
functionality modules within the application.  It can be viewed and used
in two specific ways.

### Expanded Navigation Menu

The expanded navigation menu can be accessed by clicking on the expand
menu icon on the top right corner of the screen.

![Expand Menu Button](/docs/expand-menu-button.png)

![Expanded Menu](/docs/expanded-menu.png)

Once expanded, the navigation menu displays links to the following
application areas:

- Application Login  - Login to the application
- Create New - Dropdown menu for creating a new Framework, Directory, or Taxonomy 
- Competencies & Frameworks
    - Frameworks - Competency framework search
    - Import - Import of competency frameworks
    - Crosswalk Frameworks - Dual competency framework
    alignment/relationships
    - Documentation - This CaSS Authoring Tools User Guide
- My Directories
    - A list of Directories that you have access to
- Taxonomy
    - Taxonomies - Taxonomy search
    - Import - Import of taxonomies
    - Documentation - This CaSS Authoring Tools User Guide
- Configuration
    - Configurations - Configuration management    
    - Plugins - Plugin management    
- Users and Groups - User group management (note: this option only
    appears if you are logged into the application)

### Collapsed Navigation Menu

![Collapse Menu](/docs/collapse-menu-button.png)


The navigation menu can be collapsed by clicking on the collapse menu icon on the
upper right hand corner of the expanded navigation menu.


![Collapsed Menu](/docs/collapsed-menu.png)

Once collapsed, the navigation menu displays links to the following
application areas:

- Application Login  - Login to the application
- Frameworks - Competency framework search
- Crosswalk Frameworks - Dual competency framework alignment/relationships
- Direcotries - Direcotires available to user
- Taxonomies - Taxonomy search
- Configurations - Configuration management        
- Plugins - Plugin management
- Users and Groups - User group management (note: this option only appears if you are logged into the application)


## Application Login 

::: tip
Note: This section is not applicable to Credential Engine instances of
CAT.
:::

By default, most CAT functionality is available without being logged in.
You can search for, create, and manage public frameworks, competencies,
and other CaSS data. Some tools however, will not be available until
after going through the login process.  Accessing secure CaSS data,
securing your own CaSS data, and explicitly granting access and
permissions to owned data all requires you to be logged into the
environment.  (More details about managing user groups and data
permissions can be found in the corresponding sections).

The login button can be accessed through the application navigation
menu.  

![CAT Navigation Menu - Login Button](/docs/login-button.png)

## Creating an Account 

From the landing page users have the option to login or create a new
account to access the CaSS Authoring Tool. At the login page users have
the option to select the create account button shown below.

![CAT Login - Create Account Button](/docs/create-account-button.png)

From here, users will be prompted to input basic information required to
register their account with the CaSS Authoring Tool.

Once users have successfully entered the required information, they can
hit the create button to begin the registration of their account. Once
successfully registered, you will be automatically logged into the
application.

![CAT Login - Create Account Submit Button](/docs/create-account-submit-button.png)


### Logging into an Existing Account 

You can login with existing accounts by filling out the appropriate
fields on the login form and clicking the login button.

![CAT Login - Login Button](/docs/login-button.png)


## Helpful Links 

On the right side bar of the CaSS Authoring Tools welcome page you will
find a list of documentation, resources, example framework imports,
options for getting in touch with the CaSS community, and legacy
applications of CaSS.

![CAT Welcome - Helpful Links ](/docs/helpful-links.png)

## Get in touch  


- [Join the Slack
    Channel](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/a/eduworks.com/forms/viewform?bc%3Dtransparent%26embedded%3Dtrue%26f%3DArial%25252C%252BVerdana%25252C%252Bsans-serif%26hl%3Den%26htc%3D%252523666666%26id%3D1BMaboapV0IaS8iGnCJut2obPZ9y3CWkxXuvy-7krcgE%26lc%3D%252523003965%26pli%3D1%26tc%3D%252523444444%26ttl%3D0&sa=D&ust=1603207897946000&usg=AOvVaw3DXisffX2tTcQQH_sM4J67)
- [Email us](mailto:cass@eduworks.com)
