docs/competency-and-framework-management/README.md, before:

# Finding and Editing

Competency frameworks can be viewed and managed in CaSS Authoring Tools
by navigating to the Frameworks page. The Frameworks page can be visited
by clicking on the Frameworks button on the left sidebar highlighted by
the red box in the image below.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Frameworks Page](/docs/frameworks-page.png)

On this page, frameworks are shown with their names in bold. Beneath the
name, you can see how many competencies are in the framework, when it
was created and last modified. If you have permission to edit the
framework, it will say “Editable”.

## Sorting and Filtering Frameworks 

You can sort and filter the list of frameworks by clicking the filter
button next to the search bar. The button next to it clears any filters
you’ve applied.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Filter Button](/docs/filter-frameworks-button.png)


The filter button will open up a side panel to the right of the
framework list with options to sort, filter, and apply your search term
to various fields.

![CAT Competency and Framework Management - Filter and Sort Panel](/docs/filter-and-sort-panel.png)

## Opening a Framework

Double-click on a framework to open the framework. 

## Viewing a Framework in More Detail

Single-click on a framework to view an Information panel with more details and options for the framework. 

The Information about the framework will show on a side panel to the right of the directory list.

![CAT Competency and Framework Management - Information Panel](/docs/framework-information.png)

## Creating a New Competency Framework 

A new competency framework can be created within CaSS Authoring Tools by
pressing the “Create New” button at the top of the framework management
page.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Create New Framework](/docs/create-new-framework.png)

When you click on the “Create New” button to create a new competency
framework, you will be required to enter a Framework Name and Framework
description to your new competency framework. Additional properties can
be added to a competency framework that are controlled by CaSS Authoring
Tools’ configuration settings. For more information about configuration
settings and managing the properties of competency frameworks, see the
“Custom Framework Properties” section of this user guide under
“Competency Framework and Competency Configuration”.

## Adding Competencies 

To add competencies to your framework, click the “add competency” button
below the framework details.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Add Competencies](/docs/add-competencies.png)

You can construct a hierarchy of competencies by checking the box to the
left of a competency. The “add competency” button text will change to
“add child”, which you can click to place a competency underneath the
one you’ve checked.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Add Children to Competencies](/docs/add-children-competencies.png)

## Editing Frameworks and Competencies 

To edit a single competency or framework, hover over the item you want
to edit and an edit icon will appear. Click the icon highlighted in red
in the image below.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Edit](/docs/edit-competencies.png)

A modal will appear and you can edit the framework or competency’s
properties. This modal also allows you to delete the competency or
framework, remove a competency from the current framework without
deleting it, and export the object. Click “done” when you’ve finished
making changes.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Edit Modal](/docs/edit-modal.png)

You can add new properties to your object from here too by clicking the
“add property” button at the bottom of the modal. You’ll see a list of
properties that are available to add, determined by the configuration
you’re using. Select the property you’d like to add, enter in the value,
and click “save property”.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Add a Property](/docs/add-property.png)

If there’s a property you’d like to add to multiple competencies, use
the checkboxes to select the competencies you want to edit and click
“edit multiple”.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Edit Multiple Competencies](/docs/edit-multiple-competencies.png)

You’ll see a list of properties that are available to add, determined by
the configuration you’re using. Select the property you’d like to add,
enter in the value, and click “apply to multiple”.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Adding Property to Multiple
Competencies](/docs/adding-property-to-multiple.png)

If you make a mistake while editing, click the undo button in the bar at
the top of the page to revert your most recent changes.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Undo Button](/docs/undo-button.png)

### Changing Competency Hierarchy 

There are several ways to move competencies around in the hierarchy. You
can drag and drop the competency to the spot you’d like to move it to by
hovering over the competency. The icon highlighted in the image below
will appear and you can click on it, hold down, and drag the competency
to the appropriate position.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Drag and Drop](/docs/drag-and-drop.png)

You can also move a competency by selecting its checkbox. Click the cut
or copy icon highlighted in red in the image below, select another
competency, and click the paste icon.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Cut, Copy, Paste](/docs/cut-copy-paste.png)

With one competency selected, you can move it with keyboard commands as
well. You can cut, copy and paste, or use the arrow keys to move it to
the position you want.

- Tab - Switch focus between elements on the page
- Space - Select the element currently in focus
- Shift + X - Cut competency
- Shift + C - Cut and copy competency
- Shift + V - Drop competency
- Shift + ↑ & Shift + ↓ - Move competency up and down in the list.
- Shift + ← & Shift + → - Move competency indent and outdent in the list

## Setting a Configuration 

Configurations control which properties you can edit and display within
a particular framework, and what types of values they can have. If you
don’t specify a configuration for your framework, the browser, instance,
or CaSS default will control the properties. If you want a framework to
have a different configuration, you can set one by clicking the
framework configuration button.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Setting a Framework Configuration](/docs/setting-a-framework-configuration.png)

This will open up a panel with a list of available configurations to
apply. Click “set as framework default” next to the configuration you
want.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Manage Framework Configuration](/docs/manage-framework-configuration.png)

## Managing Users and Sharing a Framework 

To control who can view and edit a framework you own, click the “manage
users” button highlighted in red in the image below.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Manage Users Button](/docs/manage-users-button.png)

You can see who the admins and viewers of your framework are, and add or
remove users and organizations. This view also has a shareable link to
your framework that you can copy to your clipboard and give to someone
else.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Share Framework and Manage Users](/docs/share-framework-and-manage-users.png)


## Viewing Frameworks and Competencies in More Detail 

By default, only primary properties are shown on a framework and
competencies. To see some additional properties, click “secondary” in
the panel at the top of the screen. This will show all the properties
assigned as primary and secondary in the configuration that have values.
To see all properties that have values, click on “tertiary”.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Property Details](/docs/property-details.png)

Commit message:

Update user documentation to include filter criteria based on field types. CASS-593

docs/competency-and-framework-management/README.md, after:

# Finding and Editing

Competency frameworks can be viewed and managed in CaSS Authoring Tools
by navigating to the Frameworks page. The Frameworks page can be visited
by clicking on the Frameworks button on the left sidebar highlighted by
the red box in the image below.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Frameworks Page](/docs/frameworks-page.png)

On this page, frameworks are shown with their names in bold. Beneath the
name, you can see how many competencies are in the framework, when it
was created and last modified. If you have permission to edit the
framework, it will say “Editable”.

## Sorting and Filtering Frameworks 

You can sort and filter the list of frameworks by clicking the filter
button next to the search bar. The button next to it clears any filters
you’ve applied.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Filter Button](/docs/filter-frameworks-button.png)


The filter button will open up a side panel to the right of the
framework list with options to sort, filter, and apply your search term
to various fields.

![CAT Competency and Framework Management - Filter and Sort Panel](/docs/filter-and-sort-panel.png)


The filter options under "Apply search term to" are available based on the type of each field wtihin the current configuration (either browser default or instance default). 


![CAT Competency and Framework Management - Search Apply Term TO](/docs/search-apply-to.png)

Fields for frameworks, competencies, and directories that are of the type "Text" or "Lang-String" are made available to filter on when searching. These settings are applied when creating or editing fields in Configuration.

![CAT Competency and Framework Management - Search Apply Term TO](/docs/search-field-types.png)

For advanced users: The configuration settings of "ceasnDataFields=true" or "tlaProfile=true" override browser default or instance default configurations when listing available fields to filter on.

## Opening a Framework

Double-click on a framework to open the framework. 

## Viewing a Framework in More Detail

Single-click on a framework to view an Information panel with more details and options for the framework. 

The Information about the framework will show on a side panel to the right of the directory list.

![CAT Competency and Framework Management - Information Panel](/docs/framework-information.png)

## Creating a New Competency Framework 

A new competency framework can be created within CaSS Authoring Tools by
pressing the “Create New” button at the top of the framework management
page.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Create New Framework](/docs/create-new-framework.png)

When you click on the “Create New” button to create a new competency
framework, you will be required to enter a Framework Name and Framework
description to your new competency framework. Additional properties can
be added to a competency framework that are controlled by CaSS Authoring
Tools’ configuration settings. For more information about configuration
settings and managing the properties of competency frameworks, see the
“Custom Framework Properties” section of this user guide under
“Competency Framework and Competency Configuration”.

## Adding Competencies 

To add competencies to your framework, click the “add competency” button
below the framework details.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Add Competencies](/docs/add-competencies.png)

You can construct a hierarchy of competencies by checking the box to the
left of a competency. The “add competency” button text will change to
“add child”, which you can click to place a competency underneath the
one you’ve checked.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Add Children to Competencies](/docs/add-children-competencies.png)

## Editing Frameworks and Competencies 

To edit a single competency or framework, hover over the item you want
to edit and an edit icon will appear. Click the icon highlighted in red
in the image below.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Edit](/docs/edit-competencies.png)

A modal will appear and you can edit the framework or competency’s
properties. This modal also allows you to delete the competency or
framework, remove a competency from the current framework without
deleting it, and export the object. Click “done” when you’ve finished
making changes.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Edit Modal](/docs/edit-modal.png)

You can add new properties to your object from here too by clicking the
“add property” button at the bottom of the modal. You’ll see a list of
properties that are available to add, determined by the configuration
you’re using. Select the property you’d like to add, enter in the value,
and click “save property”.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Add a Property](/docs/add-property.png)

If there’s a property you’d like to add to multiple competencies, use
the checkboxes to select the competencies you want to edit and click
“edit multiple”.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Edit Multiple Competencies](/docs/edit-multiple-competencies.png)

You’ll see a list of properties that are available to add, determined by
the configuration you’re using. Select the property you’d like to add,
enter in the value, and click “apply to multiple”.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Adding Property to Multiple
Competencies](/docs/adding-property-to-multiple.png)

If you make a mistake while editing, click the undo button in the bar at
the top of the page to revert your most recent changes.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Undo Button](/docs/undo-button.png)

### Changing Competency Hierarchy 

There are several ways to move competencies around in the hierarchy. You
can drag and drop the competency to the spot you’d like to move it to by
hovering over the competency. The icon highlighted in the image below
will appear and you can click on it, hold down, and drag the competency
to the appropriate position.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Drag and Drop](/docs/drag-and-drop.png)

You can also move a competency by selecting its checkbox. Click the cut
or copy icon highlighted in red in the image below, select another
competency, and click the paste icon.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Cut, Copy, Paste](/docs/cut-copy-paste.png)

With one competency selected, you can move it with keyboard commands as
well. You can cut, copy and paste, or use the arrow keys to move it to
the position you want.

- Tab - Switch focus between elements on the page
- Space - Select the element currently in focus
- Shift + X - Cut competency
- Shift + C - Cut and copy competency
- Shift + V - Drop competency
- Shift + ↑ & Shift + ↓ - Move competency up and down in the list.
- Shift + ← & Shift + → - Move competency indent and outdent in the list

## Setting a Configuration 

Configurations control which properties you can edit and display within
a particular framework, and what types of values they can have. If you
don’t specify a configuration for your framework, the browser, instance,
or CaSS default will control the properties. If you want a framework to
have a different configuration, you can set one by clicking the
framework configuration button.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Setting a Framework Configuration](/docs/setting-a-framework-configuration.png)

This will open up a panel with a list of available configurations to
apply. Click “set as framework default” next to the configuration you
want.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Manage Framework Configuration](/docs/manage-framework-configuration.png)

## Managing Users and Sharing a Framework 

To control who can view and edit a framework you own, click the “manage
users” button highlighted in red in the image below.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Manage Users Button](/docs/manage-users-button.png)

You can see who the admins and viewers of your framework are, and add or
remove users and organizations. This view also has a shareable link to
your framework that you can copy to your clipboard and give to someone
else.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Share Framework and Manage Users](/docs/share-framework-and-manage-users.png)


## Viewing Frameworks and Competencies in More Detail 

By default, only primary properties are shown on a framework and
competencies. To see some additional properties, click “secondary” in
the panel at the top of the screen. This will show all the properties
assigned as primary and secondary in the configuration that have values.
To see all properties that have values, click on “tertiary”.

![CAT Competency Framework Management - Property Details](/docs/property-details.png)
